Add note about shader uniform size limit to Shading Language (#10153)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/shaders/shader_reference/shading_language.rst

          in the shader. It must match *exactly* to the name of the uniform in
          the shader or else it will not be recognized.

.. note:: There is a limit to the total size of shader uniforms that you can use
          in a single shader. On most desktop platforms, this limit is ``65536``

>           bytes, or ``4096`` ``vec4`` uniforms. On mobile platforms, the limit is smaller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          bytes, or ``4096`` ``vec4`` uniforms. On mobile platforms, the limit is typically ``16384`` bytes or 1024 ``vec4`` uniforms.
```

>           Uniforms smaller than a ``vec4``, such as ``float`` or ``vec2``, are
>           padded to the size of a ``vec4``. Arrays count as the total size of their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          Vector uniforms smaller than a ``vec4``, such as ``vec2`` or ``vec3``, are
          padded to the size of a ``vec4``. Arrays count as the total size of their
```

Floats won't be padded, nor will ints or other scalar values. Bools are padded to the size of ints
